[CHIMES]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
George Noory with you with a
very special guest, Dr. Bruce
Goldberg.
He has advanced
degrees in dentistry
and a master's in
counseling psychology.
And he conducts an international
hypnotherapy practice based out
of Los Angeles.
He is the author
of 21 books that
have been translated into 21
languages all over this planet
and has conducted more than
35,000 past life regressions
and future life progressions.
Bruce, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>BRUCE GOLDBERG:
Thank you, George.
It's always a pleasure
to reincarnate.
In effect, it's like beyond
belief to be back here again.
>>NOORY: [LAUGHS] You
are one of our favorites.
You know, I went in
the pre-dentistry
at the University of Detroit
for a couple of years.
You devoted your entire
career to dentistry
and then into this,
hypnotherapy and reincarnation.
Tell me about that transition
-- that's dramatic.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, the universe
works in mysterious ways.
I only practiced dentistry
for a few years full time.
I developed my past life
regression and future life
progression
hypnotherapy practice
while I was in dental
school, interestingly enough.
So the first couple of
years after a residency,
I did dentistry full time, but
I had a part time practice.
And then after a
couple of years,
I said, no, I want to switch it.
So the universe was kind
enough thanks to certain media
contexts I had.
I was doing interviews with
local radio and television
and building up my practice.
I wrote my first book "Past
Lives, Future Lives" then.
So I've been doing
this for 45 years.
>>NOORY: When you
made that switch
after going through dentistry
school, which is very rigorous,
were your parents a
little upset with you?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, no.
Really, my whole life
has been based on what
I call psychic empowerment.
So I've always succeeded
in things that I've done.
It's not like I left
because I couldn't do it.
It's because I
developed something
that was more
empowering to me as well
as I like to think
empowerment to the universe.
The world does not
need another dentist.
But the world does need
metaphysical experts
and practitioners to help people
attain their own karmic growth.
>>NOORY: Well, I'll tell
you a brief story about me,
and then we'll get into your
work as a hypnotherapist.
But while I was going to
the University of Detroit
studying pre-dentistry,
my dad would always
get my annual report cards.
They'd always show up
to him because he paid
most of the student loan bills.
And one day, he called
me into the living room.
He said, George, got
a little problem here.
And I said, what's matter, dad?
And he said, well,
whoever this person
is, they're doing
great in broadcasting.
They're getting A's in
speech and radio technology
and things like that.
But I got the wrong report card.
There's no dentistry courses.
There's no biology.
I got to call the school.
I said, dad, I switched my
major into broadcasting, which
is what I always wanted to do.
And said, what do you mean
you switched your major?
I said, I don't want
to be a dentist.
I want to be a broadcaster.
Bruce, he wouldn't talk
to me for two months.
>>GOLDBERG: Yes, but
look what you illustrate.
The universe-- you did very well
in the broadcasting courses.
It was your natural,
shall we say, direction.
And you not only were
rewarded because look
what you are doing today.
Again, if you went
into dentistry,
you would have
probably hated it.
And you may have been a
good dentist, but look at--
you wouldn't have
empowered yourself.
Today, the universe gave you a
connection just like with me.
>>NOORY: It was my destiny.
>>GOLDBERG: When I
was in dental school,
they never said, oh, by the
way, Dr. Bruce Goldberg,
why don't you do
hypnotherapy and take people
into the future?
OK?
That wasn't one of
my classes in school.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: [LAUGHS]
I learned one thing out
of this whole thing.
I have good teeth.
I still have them all.
And that's what I did.
But anyways, let's
talk about you
because when you've
been on "Coast to Coast"
with me or this program
"Beyond Belief,"
you get an astounding,
astounding response
to what you do.
You talk a lot about ascension.
What is ascension?
>>GOLDBERG: OK, so
why are we here?
The main purpose,
people think that they
want to raise a family,
pay their mortgage,
support their
grandparents and stuff.
That's all fine.
But that's not the main reason.
The main reason why we here in
our physical body with a soul,
which goes beyond the physical
body after clinical death,
is to perfect a soul and
rejoin the god energy
complex from whence we came.
In other words, to
eliminate the karmic cycle.
That's why we're here.
This is like a schoolhouse.
You have lessons to learn.
That's where
reincarnation comes in.
You did things in past
lives that were terrible,
and you failed lessons.
People have done things.
But the point is they didn't
learn all their lessons
or else they wouldn't be here.
This is a physical plane, the
lowest of all the dimensions.
We'll discuss the
dimensions in a moment.
But this is the lowest one.
This is the physical
lowest physical plane.
You can't teleport.
You can't fly unless you
do exotic techniques.
So we have to perfect a soul.
A soul has a debt just like
having a mortgage or the bills
to pay.
The purpose of ascension is to
access your higher self, which
also is known as the
superconscious mind, which
will raise the quality
of the soul's energy
just like an immune system
with an energy base.
And then when you
perfect the soul,
learn all the karmic
lessons, wipe the debt clean,
then you can go to what we
call the soul plane where
you eventually will be
able to ascend and rejoin
the god energy complex
from whence we came.
So that's really
the key issue here.
It's a matter of
perfection of the soul.
Now, people say to
me, look, doctor,
how many past lives
has the average person?
And I said this before
on your show and radio.
Average person's probably
had 1,000 past lives.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>GOLDBERG: All right.
Now, the problem with that
is that all those debts.
How do you wipe out those debts?
It's impossible, right?
No.
There is a principle,
a universal law,
called the principle
of forgiveness.
This is not what
you think it is.
The principle of
forgiveness says that once
you mess up on earth X number
of karmic debts that you failed,
tests that you failed, but
then you finally correct it
and you pass that test,
all the previous tests
in that particular
category are wiped out.
It's like bankruptcy.
>>NOORY: Gone.
>>GOLDBERG: Gone.
That's why you can ascend.
But you've got to access
to higher self in order
to receive it.
When I created my
famous technique
the superconscious
mind tap, that
is the way in which you
can access the higher self,
the superconscious mind,
which will raise the frequency
vibration or rate of
your soul's energy
allow you to grow
spiritually and eventually
to perfect a soul.
And then you can become
at-one-ment, atonement,
at one with your higher
self, merge with it.
And then you go to the
soul plane and ascend.
>>NOORY: If we
know Christianity,
we all know that Jesus
ascended into heaven.
Is that the same thing
we're talking about?
>>GOLDBERG: Yes.
It's just that you don't have
to be the Son of God to ascend.
What happens is
that you go through
the different dimensions.
So right now we're on
the physical plane.
This is characterized.
Each plane or dimension has
a sound characteristic of it.
So thunder is the sound
of the earth plane.
So if you want to practice
out of body experiences--
and I train many of
my people to do that--
you don't want to do it
during a thunderstorm.
>>NOORY: Why not?
>>GOLDBERG: Because it's like
a salmon swimming upstream.
The sound will keep
you on the earth plane.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>GOLDBERG: It's very difficult.
>>NOORY: Sound has
a lot to do with it.
>>GOLDBERG: Yes, a
lot to do with it.
Now, beyond the physical
plane is the astral plane,
which people have heard of.
That's the most common
dimension that they've heard of.
The roar of the sea, just
like putting a seashell
next to your ear.
That's the kind of sound.
It has the lower
astral plane, which is
the source of psychic attack.
And then there's the
upper astral plane
where you can work
with your higher self.
So that's the astral plane.
Beyond that is the
causal plane, which
is the tiniest of the
dimensions, characterized
by the tinkling of
bells as the sound.
And that's where the
Akashic records are stored.
That's like a fifth
dimensional computer
chip which stores your
past, present, future,
and parallel life information.
Beyond that is the mental
plane, characterized
by sound of running water,
which is characterized by where
the masters would hang out.
Moses, Buddha, Jesus, et cetera.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>GOLDBERG: There's
abstract buildings.
>>NOORY: Higher planes?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, it's still
the part of the karmic cycle.
But you have these
angelic entities
wearing these white smocks.
The robes are actually
dark blue in color
so you know how you're
on that dimension.
Beyond the mental plane
is the etheric plane.
Now, this is a
very important one.
It's the largest of
all the dimensions.
It's characterized by the
sound of buzzing bees.
And there are these
weird entities known
as the etheric plane surgeons.
They look like giant tadpoles.
And what they do is if you
have an incurable disease
or any major disease, they can
operate on your etheric body.
Remember, every
dimension you go to,
you go into a spiritual body.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: So if you
go to the astral plane,
you're in your astral body.
If you go to the
etheric plane, you
travel in your etheric body.
The etheric body is
the only spiritual body
that's absolutely identical
to the physical body.
And it's necessary
for life, by the way.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>GOLDBERG: So let's say the
etheric plane surgeons operate
on somebody who has
cancer, aids, or lupus,
or some disease.
They cure the etheric body.
Then with techniques-- I call
this etheric plane surgery--
I can transfer the
techniques, the healing
from the etheric body when they
return to the physical body.
In certain cases, it's
very difficult to do.
And then they can
cure the physical body
because the etheric body was
cured on the etheric plane.
Now, the etheric plane, the
mental, the causal, the astral,
and the physical represent--
those five dimensions
are the karmic cycle.
OK?
That's where you
have to reincarnate
over and over again.
Beyond that, your higher self
will accompany with you as when
you cross into spirit
or clinically die
takes you through the
different dimensions.
And then you go to the soul
plane, the sixth dimension.
And the soul plane
is like a DMZ.
It's neither the higher
planes nor the lower plane.
>>NOORY: Do we automatically
get through that level?
>>GOLDBERG: Yes.
Well, that's where you
choose your next life.
So everybody goes
to the soul plane.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>GOLDBERG: Now,
on the soul plane,
there are these floating heads.
[LAUGHS] It's unusual.
And your master's guides are
there, your spirit guides.
An angelic entity
could be there.
>>NOORY: I bet you're
wild at parties, Bruce.
[LAUGHS]
>>GOLDBERG: And they help
you choose your next life.
Or if you're ready
to ascend, they
do a form of energy
cleansing to actually finally
perfect soul's energy.
Now you shed-- remember,
you're in this soul plane,
you're in your soul plane
body, spiritual body.
Now, when you're ready to
ascend, you shed that body.
So now you're pure energy--
no more body of any kind--
and you go into
the higher planes.
And then eventually,
you wind up with what
we call the god energy complex.
Some people call it All That Is.
They call it God.
They call it whatever.
Heaven or Nirvana, where there's
no perpetrators, no victim.
It's the eternal now.
That's the ultimate
goal is to ascend.
Once you enter the higher
planes, you'll never come back.
>>NOORY: What is
conscious dying?
>>GOLDBERG: Now,
conscious dying is
a technique I train people to
do at the-- what you want to do
is you want to-- at the moment
of death, this is what happens.
I'm going to use my
fists as an example.
>>NOORY: OK
>>GOLDBERG: So let's say my left
fist is the subconscious mind,
and this is your higher self.
This is what happens.
Most people when they
die-- just about everyone--
they die in fear, OK?
Whether it's a disease, a
traumatic inc-- whatever it is.
So at the moment of death,
this is what they do.
Now they go to the lower astral
plane, a very complicated
cycle, they wind up
in the soul plane,
and they reincarnate in usually
a very dysfunctional life.
Now, what you want to do--
conscious dying or COBE--
is you merge with the higher
self at the moment of death.
If you do that, now
your soul's energy
is merging with the
perfect part of your soul.
You can actually ascend
right then and there.
If not, you go to
the soul plane.
And even if you're
not perfect but you're
a whole lot better
than you were before,
you can reincarnate in a
really spiritual life maybe
on the etheric plane
or the mental plane
rather than the earth plane
and maybe the next life
that you ascend.
So this is called--
conscious dying is
that you train yourself
when you go to sleep at
night in various techniques
to always merge with your higher
self at the moment of death.
And when you do
that, you're going
to relate to what we
call conscious dying
or the conscious
out-of-body experience.
>>NOORY: You've had a client
who was guided through a loved
one in a conscious death.
Let's take a look at that.
>> I was aware of this pounding,
just a thumping and a pounding
in our bed.
I was laying in bed next to him.
And to me, it seemed that it was
like angel wings or something
were right there.
And the presence was so heavy.
And that was when he began--
that was his last half hour
when he began to actually die.
And I went over, I got up.
I got up with a start
from that pounding,
and I went over to see him.
And he was actually--
his breathing
was starting to slow down.
He was looking at me.
He was awake at that point.
And he looked into my eyes.
And I just told
him at that moment,
I said, just go into the light.
I love you.
It's OK.
You can go home.
Just go into the light.
And I kept saying
that over and over.
And gradually, his
breathing slowed down,
a tear rolled down his eye,
and he died, he left his body.
And it was really
beautiful because it
wasn't this heavy
sadness that I expected.
I just felt his
presence so much with me
that I never really
grieved in the sense
that I've seen
other people grieve,
even though the sadness
hit me a lot, of course.
>>GOLDBERG: Now, the interesting
thing about this case with
Candela is that--
this is when I work with
people with conscious dying
techniques-- she
had no bereavement.
This is a big issue I deal with.
People have lost loved
ones, they've lost pets.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>GOLDBERG: So the reason
why-- let me tell you
what the mechanism is.
When you lose a loved one--
and this can be a pet, too,
by the way--
what happens is that they're
on the lower astral plane.
People die in fear,
right away, they're
going to the lower astral--
you don't want to go
there-- because they're not
doing conscious dying.
So now what happens
is they're struggling,
they're panicking
because the lower astral
plane is filled with really
nasty entities 24/7, no rest.
People picking on each other.
It's very noisy.
It's disgusting.
So what happens is they
see their loved one.
And they say, help me, help me.
And they're sending
out a panic energy.
They're not trying to hurt
the person on the earth plane.
But what happens is they're
actually psychically attacking
them without realizing it.
So now the person, the loved
one who's on the earth plane
is now getting attacked
by this negative energy.
And that's what bereavement
is-- depression, if you will.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GOLDBERG: So what happens is--
but by having this,
now she's sending
the soul of her departed husband
to the upper astral plane.
No more panic attack.
You see?
No more negative energy
being sent to her.
And that's why there's
no bereavement with her.
She had zero bereavement
after the death.
>>NOORY: That's dramatic.
>>GOLDBERG: But I work
with a lot of people
with bereavement, even
people who lost pets.
I mean, you name it.
>>NOORY: Why?
Bereavement is
natural, isn't it?
>>GOLDBERG: No,
it isn't actually.
Bereavement is a sign of fear.
It's a sign of
being psychically--
I don't think psychic
attack is natural.
I find that to be a very
unnatural, negative aspect
of the universe.
It isn't natural.
Well, if it was,
then why wasn't she
being experienced bereavement?
She didn't.
>>NOORY: True.
You've talked about
reincarnation sometimes up
to 1,000, maybe even
more, reincarnated lives.
How does that tie
into ascension?
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
So now I'm going to
make this very personal.
All right.
So reincarnation means that--
we talked about the principle
of forgiveness.
So if you've messed up on
past life debts, karmic debts,
you're not going to ascend, OK?
But let's say you start
to improve it, OK?
You start to knock
out these debts.
Now you're building
up your soul's energy.
You're raising it
to a higher level.
We call this just-- cleansing
is the term that I use.
And you get ready for ascension.
So let's talk about you.
Now, you know I've done two
of your future lives, OK?
>>NOORY: Yes, you have.
>>GOLDBERG: In
another hundred years,
you're going to be Dexter
Monterrey, the coolest name
I've ever heard of for
a spirit entity, OK.
>>NOORY: I still get
emails about him.
>>GOLDBERG: [LAUGHS]
You're going
to be a radio host equivalent
in the Global Communication
Network, GCN, OK?
And you're going to have
over 300 million listeners.
You're in a mall.
And there's a
hologram of you, OK?
It's really cool.
And you're in a gold one
piece jumpsuit, all right?
>>NOORY: Oh, nice.
>>GOLDBERG: And what
you're doing is you're
dealing with healing energy,
psychic techniques, et cetera.
And what you're well
known for-- now,
this is part of your
climate growth now.
Remember, obviously, this
life, in this century, OK--
>>NOORY: Carries through.
>>GOLDBERG: But now
you're known for exposing
what's called the mind pirates.
These are people
who are criminals
who are stealing the ideas of
scientists by various devices
and then selling on
the black market.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>GOLDBERG: Got that?
So you expose them.
The government comes in,
they destroy the machines.
The people who created those
devices were dead or whatever.
They were just incapacitated.
So you help society--
>>NOORY: I save society.
>>GOLDBERG: Now, we
fast forward 1,300 years
to the 35th century.
You're now going to be a psychic
researcher and scientist named
Xeor, X-E-O-R. OK?
You're living in what
we call Toronto today.
And what you do is you
develop this brass ring
kind of cleansing
technique which
will remove psychic attack
energy-- in other words,
will protect the
soul and cleanse it.
The reason why
that's important is
because in the 35th
century, time travelers
from our future--
the chrononauts,
as I've discussed-- were
now going to go back
in time by teleportation.
But they were concerned
that they would
be destroyed by doing that.
Teleportation is a very
complicated technique.
So they used to go
back in time by using
enlarging wormholes
and a device called
a wormhole linear accelerator.
They use that for 300 years.
But by 35th century, now
teleportation has evolved.
Your device, your brass
ring cleansing technique
is what's used to
help them protect them
so that they can go back
in time and be unharmed.
You are given the equivalent
of a Nobel Prize in those days
in the future because
of that invention.
So this is your own growth.
Now, I'm not trying
to brag about this,
but look what you're doing from
"Coast to Coast" and "Beyond
Reality" to exposing it on a
much larger level as Dexter
Monterrey, and then to
actually being a scientist
to help the growth of not
only the time travelers
but society in general
because everybody
is able to use this device to
help their own purification.
>>NOORY: Bruce, must we
reincarnate to ascend?
>>GOLDBERG: Yes.
>>NOORY: Is that the only way?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, unless
you're perfect right now.
If you are, let me know.
>>NOORY: Nobody is.
>>GOLDBERG: No, nobody is.
>>NOORY: So with this ascension,
how do you grow into these--
so you don't have to
reincarnate a million times?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, that hopes--
by accessing your higher self.
The main technique is to connect
with the superconscious mind.
And that's what I
train people to do.
I have a technique I
developed 45 years ago called
the superconscious mind tap.
And I teach people how to do it.
I've got CDs for that.
I work with them in my practice.
And they train to connect
with their higher self.
It's a step by step process.
Ascension is not easy.
It's like going
to dental school.
You have to take
a lot of courses.
>>NOORY: Many courses.
Do you get better with
each life technically?
>>GOLDBERG: You can, but you
don't have to, all right?
Let me give you a good example.
Let me give you a good
example of a reincarnation
for ascension growth.
My famous case is "The
Search for Grace,"
a woman who was obsessively
attracted to a man,
a married man she was dating.
He had tried to kill her on
three different episodes.
And she couldn't
break up with him.
>>NOORY: Oh.
>>GOLDBERG: Right?
So I work with her.
We did 45 past life regressions.
46 actually.
>>NOORY: 46?
>>GOLDBERG: 46.
And in 20 of those,
he had successfully
murdered her in past lives.
This would have been
number 21, but she
was able to be empowered
enough to break up with him,
to go on with her life, and
overcome the victimization.
That was the big issue
with this one man.
We call him Johnny,
not his real name.
So that case was done,
what, 25 years ago, OK?
Oh, 30 years ago actually.
She contacts me every
couple of years.
She's fine.
>>NOORY: She's fine.
>>GOLDBERG: She's fine.
>>NOORY: It's worked for her.
>>GOLDBERG: So in other
words, she's growing her life.
She doesn't get
involved with guys
that are trying to abuse
her physically or whatever.
So this is, again--
she's now moving
closer to ascension.
You see?
Just like Candela in the
case of the non-bereavement
over the death of her husband.
She overcame fear.
What is bereavement?
It's fear.
I've lost a loved one.
What's going to happen?
People worry about their
own mortality, too.
You see?
So cleansing or growing
psychic empowerment,
overcoming fear, which are the
only lesson we have to learn.
If you overcome fear,
you're ready to ascend.
>>NOORY: You had
a client, Bruce,
who saved her mother's life
after seeing a future life.
And that story appeared on
the Sally Jessy Raphael show.
>>SALLY JESSY RAPHAEL: Can
you travel into the past?
Can you travel into the future?
One woman says she did just that
with the help of a hypnotist.
Valerie Ross says she
traveled into her own future
and the unbelievable happened.
Take a look.
>>VALERIE ROSS:
In June of 1993, I
was awakened out
of a sound sleep
with a pretty frightening
vision that my mother was
going to die.
I heard someone or something
say, "maternal, maternal."
I saw perfectly the
clouds, and her birth date
was written on it.
But the year was flashing on
and off like a question mark.
I saw a quick
scene of my mother.
And then it went black.
And I was so upset because
I didn't know when, how.
(CRYING) And I
couldn't understand
why I was being given this
when I couldn't do anything
about it.
I found out about a doctor
who dealt with the paranormal.
When I talked to him,
he actually said to me,
your mother is not going to die.
And he said, tell your
mother so you can help her.
And I did.
And she had been at the
doctor about three and a half
weeks earlier with a
clean bill of health.
Well, she went
back to the doctor.
There was a three
centimeter kidney stone
lodged in one of her kidneys.
And the doctor said
to her, I don't
understand how you couldn't
have been in any pain
because this could have
turned into renal failure.
You could have died.
>>NOORY: What a dramatic case.
>>GOLDBERG: Now, this case
has a lot of aspects to it.
Valerie was extremely
close to her mother.
That was her best friend.
She didn't have much
of a social network.
I mean, she was married,
she had a daughter.
But she was extremely
enmeshed with her mother.
Now, the mother-- she
goes into the future.
I take her into the future.
She sees that her
mother's going to have
these major medical problems.
>>NOORY: Huge.
>>GOLDBERG: Mother just
went to a physician
for an annual recall.
They said everything was fine.
They missed it.
Two major issues, OK?
So she nags her
mother to go back.
She's from New Jersey
originally, OK?
So you can understand it.
She nags her mother to
go back to the doctor.
And mother doesn't
want to do it, OK?
And I work with the mother, too.
Really nice woman.
And she says, OK,
Valerie, I'll go.
And they find out
these two issues.
The physician said if they
hadn't done the surgery,
she would've died.
Now, Valerie overcame the
enmeshment aspect, OK?
She loves her mother,
but she's no longer--
she was no longer depressed.
She grew, saved her mother's
life-- so obviously,
that's a factor, too--
but became more confident
and empowered as a woman.
And she raised the
frequency vibration or rate
of her soul's energy as
well as helped her mother.
So that's a double win here.
>>NOORY: That is amazing, too.
It shows you how ascension
can save somebody's life.
>>GOLDBERG: This is
age progression, now.
This is when I take
people into the future.
Remember the famous case that
I talk about that woman back
in 1997?
She was a college student.
She came to me
from New York City.
She came to Los Angeles.
And then I trained her
to go out of the body.
She goes back because she was
going to go to Europe the last
half the summer and go to
Paris and meet her friends
and then go to graduate school.
I call her Tammy,
not her real name.
And July 17, 1997, she was
going to go on TWA Flight 800.
>>NOORY: Oh.
>>GOLDBERG: But she had an--
>>NOORY: The one that
crashed off of Long Island.
>>GOLDBERG: --don't go there.
Plane's going to crash.
Plane's going to go up
immediately from JFK and crash.
She changed her flight plans.
And we know what happened
with TW Flight 800.
>>NOORY: Sure do.
>>GOLDBERG: She went
into the future.
I don't take credit for this.
It was her.
But she saved her own life by
following an age progression.
That's what age progression
can-- two examples of lives
being saved not by me.
I don't take credit for this.
I'm 1% of therapy.
The patient is always 99%.
It's the higher
self that does that.
>>NOORY: Why don't people
recollect their past lives
naturally?
Why does it take hypnotherapy?
>>GOLDBERG: I feel it's because
you're cheating the system.
The universe doesn't want you
to know the answer to the test.
In other words, they want
you to work things out
and to come-- you're going
to have karmic test presented
to you.
You won't know why you're
getting those tests.
It could be people, it
could be circumstances.
So if you knew all the
answers to the test,
what would you learn, you see?
So to me-- now, we can
get information out
by things like
hypnosis, meditation.
Meditation and hypnosis,
for your audience,
are the same thing.
They're both alpha
brainwaves, OK?
You can just--
different techniques.
So you can do that.
But if there was some sort
of a secret information
that you weren't
supposed to know--
we call that
forbidden knowledge--
you won't get that until
you're ready to get that.
When the student is ready,
the teacher will be there.
>>NOORY: I find it
amazing though, Bruce,
that these progressions of
lives can save the current life
or somebody else's.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, yes.
>>NOORY: It's dramatic.
>>GOLDBERG: As an
example, with Valerie.
But remember, not
everybody can be saved, OK?
People die every day.
There are millions of deaths
in not only this country,
but probably tens of
millions around the world.
But when people-- just
remember one thing though.
When people die, clinically
cross into spirit,
you always choose
the moment of death.
So let me tell you something.
Wait.
Before you're born--
this is important.
It relates to ascension.
You're on the soul plane, but
now you've got a karmic cycle.
So now you got to
choose your next life.
And you've got your
masters and guides there,
and your higher
self is with you.
Now you're going to
select a body to come to.
Let's say you're going
to go on the earth plane.
You choose the
framework of your life.
It's not predestination.
You choose an incident.
How you respond to it
is always free will.
You get?
So what you do choose, though,
is the moment of death.
So when people die,
they say, oh, person
died in a plane crash or a
car crash or a drug overdose,
whatever.
They chose that.
It's their free will.
Now, you can prevent it if
you really want to do that,
or you do techniques
like age progression.
But when people say,
oh, the world hates me,
and they start whining
and complaining, no.
You earned that.
That's part of
your karmic debts.
And that's why you're not giving
to the answer to the tests
because you have to
learn to grow with it
to avoid the problems
in the future
and to wipe out that debt
from the karmic cycle.
>>NOORY: Bruce, when
I was 11-years-old,
I had an out-of-body experience.
I woke up, was bouncing on
the ceiling looking down
at my 11-year-old body in bed.
I thought it was
a dream initially.
And then all of a sudden, wham!
I was brought right back
into my body, and I jolted.
And I went, that wasn't a dream.
What was it?
And I went to the library, and
I started looking for books.
And I stumbled across
books on astral projection
by Sylvan Muldoon, Hereward
Carrington, and people
like that.
And I got obsessed with this.
I've never been able to
duplicate an OBE again.
But what happened to me?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, this was
a karmic benefit to you.
This got you into the field.
>>NOORY: It did.
>>GOLDBERG: Now, if
you had difficulties
in doing out-of-body
experience--
it can be complicated.
I mean, I'd be happy to
send you some of my material
to help you with this.
I'd like to see you do that.
But the key issue here is
that in your life, maybe
you would have gone
to dental school
and become a dentist
if it wasn't for that.
That got you into
the paranormal,
the metaphysical mentality.
That was the key issue here
of that most importantly.
Your literature research that
your read about, that was back
in the 1920s and '30s, the
old days of-- they used
to call them astral
projection, then OOBE,
and then OBE, all the changes.
OK?
But that was the
key issue to get you
into the field, which would lead
to you doing what you do now,
Dexter Monterrey, Xeor.
You understand?
It's a progression.
So that incident in
your life was critical.
>>NOORY: Was it meant to be?
>>GOLDBERG: Of course.
I mean, what's the odds?
Not every 11-year-old has
an out-of-body experience.
>>NOORY: No.
And remembers it.
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
I mean, everybody.
By the way, let me for
the audience-- when
you go to sleep at
night, everybody
goes into the REM cycle.
They've heard.
That's the rapid eye movements.
It's a very deep alpha brainwave
going into feta brain wave
levels.
All your dream cycles, those
are all out-of-body experiences.
So every dream you've had--
that's three hours a night--
those are out-of-body
experiences.
Whether you remember
or not is up to you.
But we go out the
body every night.
That's why out-of-body
experiences are not
difficult on that level.
Now, remembering it consciously
or doing it during the waking
day, it becomes more difficult.
But everybody goes out
of the body.
So with people worried
about it being dangerous,
I've been out of the
body over 3,000 times.
We're on the earth
plane right now.
This isn't the astral plane.
OK?
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: It's perfectly safe.
>>NOORY: "Open Minds"
is a Gaia show.
And Luis Minero
talked about OBEs.
He's an expert.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
This is one thing
that I heard in one
of your lectures
that I was very curious
about that sometimes when
you have left the body, there
is someone in that field
or dimension you're in or even
a human being in this dimension
that will detect
you, can see you.
>>LUIS MINERO: OK.
>>MEREDITH: Let's talk
about that phenomena.
>>MINERO: In outside the body.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
When you're out of the body.
>>MINERO: Yes.
>>MEREDITH: And then I'll bring
an example, another example up
that I found fascinating.
Let's talk about that
where you're out of body,
and they can see you.
>>MINERO: Yeah.
Because basically, in essence,
the person that can see you
or about that non-physical
entity or being
that can see you, they can see
you because at this moment,
you are basically in
the same dimension
as they are, in the
same plane as they are.
And you can interact with them.
You can talk to them, depending
on their level of consciousness
and your level of
consciousness as always.
And this is even
why sometimes when
people have out-of-body
experiences, for example,
they meet the relatives that
have already passed away.
>>MEREDITH: Right.
>>MINERO: So the relative that
already passed away is there,
is in that dimension.
And you can find them.
And this actually helps people
a lot because it helps them to--
especially with the
grieving process
or if they were
missing them a lot,
they realize or they can verify
by themselves and the practice
my relative is there.
>>NOORY: Bruce, you've talked
about the fifth dimension
before as well.
What is that?
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
The fifth dimension is
anything beyond the three
dimensional world we live.
So we have length,
breadth, and depth.
OK?
Three dimensions.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GOLDBERG: Now,
time is considered
to be the fourth dimension.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: It's used in
the mathematical equations
by physicists, OK?
Anything beyond time is
called the fifth dimension.
And when you travel in the
fifth dimension, you are--
the term is an ultraterrestrial.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>GOLDBERG: Remember that term.
>>NOORY: Not an
extraterrestrial.
An ultraterrestrial.
>>GOLDBERG: Now,
the fifth dimension
includes things like
the various dimensions--
the astral, causal, mental,
etheric, and soul plane
as an example.
It also includes
parallel universes.
So when I take people
into parallel universes,
that's actually the fifth
dimension mentality.
But let me comment on the
clip that you just showed.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GOLDBERG: In order
to see an astral entity
or fifth dimensional
entity, usually you
have to be in the altered state.
You have to be either
out of the body
yourself or functioning from the
level of the fifth dimension,
not the three dimensional
world, like an hypnotic
level of meditation.
But there's an exception.
You can have-- you've heard
the term doppelganger?
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
So what is a doppelganger?
>>NOORY: The double of--
>>GOLDBERG: Bilocation
kind of thing.
You can take an astral
body, let's say.
I'll just use the astral plane
since it's the closest to us.
And you can concentrate
the astral matter
that the body is composed
of to such a level
that people can see it.
Now, there was a case years ago.
This is a little weird one,
but it's been reported.
A New York City physician was
giving a talk in New York City
after a dinner like I give
talks to medical groups.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, the exact
same moment he was doing that,
his body was seen in Toronto--
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>GOLDBERG: --giving the
same talk to a medical group.
What happened was the physical
body was in New York City.
The bilocated doppelganger
was in Toronto.
>>NOORY: Doing the same thing.
>>GOLDBERG: Doing
the same thing.
This was back in the '60s.
But here's another example.
A better example is this.
In England, they
have the parliament,
which is like our lower House,
House of Representatives.
And there was a guy who was very
sick, almost on his deathbed.
And he wanted to vote for
some piece of legislation.
He was in bed.
He's got his lawyers
there, his doctors there,
nurses are there.
And he wanted to vote.
He was desperate to vote.
>>NOORY: Was he dying?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, he
was just-- a bad flu.
You know?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
OK.
>>GOLDBERG: So what
happens is in parliament,
his body was seen
casting the vote.
And he looked very
pale like a ghost, OK?
>>NOORY: And he's back in bed.
>>GOLDBERG: Now, one of the
people who witnessed him-- this
was in 1905, OK?
One of the people who
witnessed him eventually
became the prime minister
of Great Britain.
So the credibility
is pretty cool, OK?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: That's an
example of a doppelganger.
He actually physically was
there casting the vote.
And you know like in
Congress, all those votes
that we have forever
are all public record.
So nobody faked that.
>>NOORY: Who was responsible
for the doppelganger to appear?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, he
didn't do it purposely.
What he was saying--
this is what happens.
You can create a doppelganger
by saying, I want to go here.
I got to go here, but I can't.
>>NOORY: Wish I could.
>>GOLDBERG: I just
wish I could go.
A classic example is what
happened in Minnesota.
In Cloquet, Minnesota, this
gentleman, he ran a business.
And he wanted to go
to the Grand Canyon.
This was 1948.
So he wanted to go there
desperately, but he couldn't.
He couldn't leave.
Was too busy.
So now we fast forward
to 1954 or '55.
'55 I believe it was.
And now he has the chance
to go to the Grand Canyon.
He takes a camera with him,
a Bosley 35 millimeter camera
that was created in 1955.
He goes to the Grand
Canyon, takes some pictures.
When he comes home, he
goes to see a travelogue.
He goes to the
photography store.
They have these little
travelogue films
like castle films.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: He rents one.
He wants to see
the Grand Canyon.
He sees himself--
>>NOORY: In the Grand Canyon.
>>GOLDBERG: --in the 1948
film, which was copyrighted
in 1948, with his 1955 camera.
>>NOORY: Oh.
>>GOLDBERG: How do
you explain that?
>>NOORY: That's bizarre.
>>GOLDBERG: Now, that
to me is teleportation.
>>NOORY: I've seen videos of the
1800s, pictures of the 1800s.
>>GOLDBERG: Right.
>>NOORY: And there's a guy
there with a cell phone, Bruce.
It's clearly some kind
of device in his hand.
I mean, he's holding it up like
this in this 1800s photograph,
black and white photograph.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
>>NOORY: Was he a time traveler?
What the hell was
he doing there.
>>GOLDBERG: There's also--
>>NOORY: You remember
that picture.
>>GOLDBERG: I remember that.
That was actually-- you're
talking about the 1920s film--
I believe it was
called "The Circus"--
where this guy had this
thing next to his ear.
It was a 1920s film.
It was--
>>NOORY: Not from the 1800s?
>>GOLDBERG: No, no.
This was actually a movie, OK?
And he was holding up this
thing right to his ear.
And people thought at
first it was a hearing aid.
No, it wasn't.
And it looks like a cell phone.
Then there's a depiction
from ancient Greece
of a person that looks like
they're holding up a laptop.
OK?
>>NOORY: [LAUGHS]
>>GOLDBERG: You've got
those on the air, right?
And so there's a lot of examples
of what they call things out
of time, out of time sequence.
This is part of
forbidden archeology.
So it's just there
are many examples
to show that things
aren't as they appear, OK?
You go back into ancient Greece,
the temple of Dendera in Egypt
where you have the equivalent
of a television set
and electrical devices
set up, a big tube.
And the temple-- just
for your audience,
Google the temple of Dendera
and see what you get.
You're going to
get this big tube.
It looks like a crook's tube,
which is a primitive television
set dated 2,000 years ago in the
Ptolemy era of ancient Egypt.
That was 2,300 years
ago to 2,000 years ago.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>GOLDBERG: And that's
called the temple of Dendera.
And then there's Abydos
where you have a UFO--
>>NOORY: And helicopters.
>>GOLDBERG: --and
the helicopters, OK?
And the stealth jet.
OK?
So where do you get that from?
And that was also
the Ptolemy era.
So these are things
that are out of--
of course, we've had
advanced civilizations
that we don't have records of.
And those are examples of--
you've seen the forbidden
archeology where
they have a sole of a shoe--
>>NOORY: Michael Cremo--
>>GOLDBERG: --a couple
of hundred million years
ago in Kentucky.
Where do you get that from?
Or the gold-- remember
that gold thread
that was found in Illinois?
>>NOORY: Threads or
steel balls down below.
>>GOLDBERG: That was
2.8 billion years ago.
That was in South Africa, OK?
So 2.8 billion?
There was only single
celled organisms around.
>>NOORY: Yeah, exactly.
What is conscious
out-of-body experiences?
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
this is the COBE.
This is when you're actually
merging with your higher self.
A conscious
out-of-body experience
is whenever you go into the
alpha level, the hypnotic
level, so now you can
access your higher self.
But what you're
being trained to do
is to merge with your higher
self at the moment of death.
If you do that, you avoid going
through the lower astral plane,
going through the
karmic cycle again,
winding up in the soul
plane with a necessity
to reincarnate.
If you merge with
your higher self,
you can zip right up
to the soul plane.
And if everything is
go, you can now ascend.
Or you can stay as a
spirit guide like a Buddha,
if you want.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>GOLDBERG: OK?
But the point is you
want to avoid going
to the lower astral plane.
That's called unconscious dying.
>>NOORY: You don't
want to go there.
>>GOLDBERG: Don't
>>NOORY: As a matter of fact,
when I was reading that book
as a kid--
Sylvan Muldoon and Hereward
Carrington's book--
they talked too about
these different levels
of these astral planes.
And they said the bottom level,
you don't want to hang around.
>>GOLDBERG: You know, that's
the lower astral plane.
By the way, those guys were
also very ill physically.
They were on--
>>NOORY: Those authors.
Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: Yeah, those authors
were almost on their deathbed
when they were doing this.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>GOLDBERG: So when
people get ill,
they actually go out
of the body a lot.
Well, you don't have to
be physically depreciated,
decimated as they
were to do that.
But they were both very
weak people physically.
>>NOORY: What is the benefit
of going out of the body?
>>GOLDBERG: Oh.
Well, you can access your
higher self, and you can--
creativity.
If you're involved in the
creative arts-- writing,
painting, whatever-- you can do
what I call astral negotiation.
Let's say you have a problem
with somebody on the earth
plane.
It could be a wife, a child.
>>NOORY: In your life?
>>GOLDBERG: You
can work things out
on the astral plane,
upper astral plane.
I call this a
sanctuary technique
where you and your
higher self summon
the soul of the person
you're having problems with.
They come to a conference room
on the upper astral plane.
They have to show
up, by the way.
And this is not black magic.
This is perfectly natural.
They don't have to stay,
but they do have to show up.
If they stay, you can
now negotiate, OK?
And then if they work it
out, when they wake up
the following morning--
which you will too--
all of a sudden, they
say, hey, you know?
Everything is fine here.
>>NOORY: And you remember
from the previous night?
>>GOLDBERG: You will.
They won't.
I've had people do this
to actually get a job,
do a job interview.
I've worked with
actors who get--
>>NOORY: I've used it.
I've used it for personal
things like that.
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
I've worked with you.
In LA, I deal with actors, OK?
And some of them use it to get
roles in TV shows and feature
films, OK?
I don't tell the
casting director that.
Now, you can do
astral negotiations.
You can meet time travelers from
our future, the chrononauts.
You can meet the good
ETs like Pleiadians.
You can meet people
who are also going out
of the body, ultraterrestrials.
You can meet people who are
having near-death experiences.
You can contact lost
relatives, departed relatives,
overcome bereavement as the
case with Candela, for example.
You can do a myriad of things.
Go into parallel universes.
You can do any of this.
Past and future lives.
You can do time travel while
you're in the fifth dimension
because when you're
out of the body,
you're in the fifth dimension.
Remember, all time is
simultaneous there.
>>NOORY: I use my dreams
a lot, too, Bruce.
Is that part of this?
>>GOLDBERG: Yes.
That's where I train people.
See, my therapy--
let me explain.
My therapy of connecting
people to higher
self, 99% of the therapy occurs
in the REM cycle at night.
Why?
Because they're out of the body.
There's no limitations
of the earth plane.
If they're having
physical problems,
it's irrelevant when they're
in the fifth dimension.
They can access their higher
self, which is perfect energy.
Your higher self comes from
the god energy complex.
It's like an angel.
It's perfect energy.
You can't lose.
And there's no defense
mechanisms or ego
to bother you, whereas
there is on the earth plane.
There's always the ego,
the defense mechanisms,
the beta brain life, we call
that, the beta brain level.
So here, out of the body, you
eliminate all the defenses.
And now you can connect
with your higher self,
and the world is your oyster.
>>NOORY: Bruce, the Gaia
program "Mystery Teachings"
dives into ascension.
>> If we can learn to achieve
a coherent state of being
and have a daily practice
with meditation every day,
we can activate more and more
of that secret fire within.
This then draws to it what we
can call the celestial fire
or light that is the smallest
particle of consciousness
from source.
This is the smallest
building block of matter.
It is at the central
core of every atom.
This particle of consciousness
is within the nuclei.
It acts as a portal through
which divine consciousness
enters into manifestation.
It is the essence of
source in this world.
It has the seed of
divinity within it.
This seed is something that we
as conscious and aware beings
can tap into using our own
secret fire of consciousness
to reach it.
>>NOORY: So what'd
you think of that?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, I
like it, first of all,
and I agree with it.
What happens is that what
they're talking about
is a very technical
procedure we call
that's going through
geophysical time warps
and perfecting
the soul by a form
of a fifth dimensional
surgery kind of thing
in order to perfect and
raise the frequency vibration
or rate of the soul to
perfect it, which means
merging with the higher self.
And then you can go through the
various dimensions winding up
on the soul plane
and, again, eventually
shedding the spiritual body--
that would be the soul plane
body-- to eventually become
pure energy and ascend.
Now, they're talking
about trying to show
the technical aspect of it.
Remember, this is
fifth dimensional.
So it's very difficult for us
to comprehend that on the earth
plane in our physical bodies.
>>NOORY: Where does energy
healing fit into all of this?
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
So let's say you have a
lot of medical problems.
That causes other issues
in your life-- obviously,
the physical ones, emotional,
sometimes spiritual.
So it makes people
feel depressed,
and it makes people
feel cynical about life.
Doesn't help you.
You're not growing
spiritually if you're in pain
and having all kinds of issues.
The more you can heal
yourself, the more
you can connect with
your higher self,
which does the healing anyway.
>>NOORY: And that could be
physically and emotionally.
>>GOLDBERG: And spiritually.
>>NOORY: Right.
That's a good point.
>>GOLDBERG: So then as
you become more healed,
and not only do you
have a better life--
it's more quality oriented--
but now you have more
confidence of your ability
to merge with your higher
self rather than whining
and complaining and just
saying, oh, my god, life sucks,
and then you die.
OK?
That's what people will say.
So healing is part of
the cleansing process.
Even though it deals
with the physical body,
it deals with the emotional
and the spiritual,
which is the energy part.
>>NOORY: Are we getting help
from these astral planes
from master healers
or anybody like that?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, your
higher self is the main part.
Your higher self
actually introduces you
to various spirit guides.
Let's talk about spirit
guides for a moment.
Spirit guides are specialists.
So let's say you have
a medical problem.
You're going to connect
with-- your higher
self will connect you with
what's called a chemist guide.
So some biochemical problems,
some hormonal issue,
whatever it is, the
spirit guide will help
with that particular healing.
If you have a
relationship problem,
you're going to have another guy
that deals with relationships.
OK?
>>NOORY: There's specialists
for all these different things,
huh?
>>GOLDBERG: Or
creativity, whatever.
So my point is that
your higher self
is your general practitioner
kind of connecting you
with the various guides.
But your higher self
also physically--
or let's just say
metaphysically--
does the actual healing on
your physical body, too,
and raises the
frequency vibrational
rate of your soul's energy.
>>NOORY: Bruce, since
you've been doing this--
and you've been doing
this how many years now?
>>GOLDBERG: 45.
>>NOORY: 45 years.
Are you seeing a change
in progression of people?
Or are they like they
were 45 years ago?
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
this is now going
into the third generation.
What I see is that people
have the same basic problems.
That really hasn't changed, OK?
What I see though is more of a
consciousness shift, more open
mindedness to this.
So people are more into new age.
I don't think Gaia TV would
have been around 45 years ago.
>>NOORY: But it's big now.
>>GOLDBERG: Very big now.
So I see a greater increase in
the new age aspect in general.
People are becoming more health
conscious, more in general
about worrying about
the universe, about just
the quality of life to
a much greater degree.
And they're more open minded.
So to me, hypnosis
is much more accepted
than it was when I began.
You know, I've been
involved 45 years.
You think I've dealt with
maybe skeptics over the years?
>>NOORY: Ah.
Yeah.
A few.
>>GOLDBERG: [LAUGHS]
Actually, the media
has been much more
kind to me now
than it was in the beginning.
In the beginning, it
was like pulling teeth,
to use a metaphor.
>>NOORY: Well, I think
the exposure you're
starting to get and have
been getting from let's say
"Coast to Coast" and
now "Beyond Belief"
and other programs has
helped people understand you.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, also
my medical training--
my education helped, too,
because the media looked
upon me as somebody who was
qualified rather than some X
stage hypnotist or
some entertainer,
which you see a
lot in this field.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>GOLDBERG: But a good example.
When "The Search for Grace,"
the TV movie came out--
that was back in 1994--
I was doing a
workshop in San Diego.
And they showed a clip
of it because that
was the year it aired.
And the newscaster, one of
them was really skeptical.
And he says, my name is Thomas.
Consider me to be
a doubting Thomas.
And his other two cohorts said,
Tom, the network documented
this case independently
for three weeks in Buffalo,
New York.
And he said, oh.
So two thirds of the people
were actually on my side.
But more importantly,
the facts where it
was documented by the network.
Doesn't prove it gives
suggestive evidence.
The point is that
things like that--
Valerie's case, the
Tammy case from 1997,
Candela's case here--
these kinds of things
show that it works
whether you believe or not.
I don't care what people's
belief systems are.
They can be skeptical.
They can be atheists.
You have a First
Amendment right.
What I care about is
people healing themselves.
Notice I say healing themselves.
I don't heal them.
Their higher self does.
And going on with their
lives, empowering themselves,
and getting closer to ascension.
That's all I care about.
>>NOORY: Interesting
take on all of this.
Now, the etheric
plane has surgeons.
Tell me about them.
>>GOLDBERG: Yes.
These are the giant tadpoles.
So let me tell you what happens.
You go to the etheric plane.
Now, you're traveling
in your etheric body.
So let's reincarnate this here.
Your astral body is taller and
thinner and younger looking
than your physical body.
The other body is also
a little bit different.
But the etheric body is
identical, absolutely
identical.
So if you heal the etheric
body, you can transfer--
it's very difficult
to do, not a given--
to the physical body.
So you're on the etheric plane.
You're in an OR, a
fifth dimensional OR.
You're on this table,
and these giant tadpoles
are working with you.
There's a lot of lights and
sounds, really weird sounds.
It's very distracting, and
it's very uncomfortable.
But what they do is
using these laser beams
and all kinds of
techniques-- remember,
no physical scalpel play.
These are all energy and sounds.
They then heal the authentic
body, whatever the issue is.
And then you're done.
People just kind of go to sleep.
They don't even
wonder what's going on
because it's very annoying.
And then they wake up
in their physical body,
and everything is fine.
Years ago, I was going to
play tennis with a physician
friend of mine.
And I had hurt my left knee.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>GOLDBERG: OK?
So I said to him, I
said, look, I said,
I'm really in bad shape.
>>NOORY: You can't run.
>>GOLDBERG: I can't play.
I says, but let me
try one technique.
And he said, what
are you going to do?
I said, look, I
don't take pills.
Give me a break.
So I used the etheric plane
surgical technique, went
to the etheric plane, had
the etheric plane surgeons
play with my left kneecap.
I woke up maybe
20 minutes later.
And I called him up.
And I said, see you at 10:00.
And I beat him.
>>NOORY: You beat him?
>>GOLDBERG: My point is that--
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>GOLDBERG: Well, I was
a better player than him.
But my point is that--
>>NOORY: Even on one knee.
>>GOLDBERG: --the healing
my left kneecap, which was--
I must have-- I don't know--
twisted or whatever I did.
It just was gone.
No medication, no chiropractor,
no physical anything.
Etheric plane surgery.
>>NOORY: We get a
call from a lady
who claims that she's the
reincarnated Cleopatra.
She calls the program often.
And I've got to tell you, Bruce.
She knows things
that history books
don't know about Cleopatra.
And she's not making
this stuff up.
She said things about her
relationship with Marc Anthony
and talked about certain things.
And then you go back and look
at these high level books,
and there they are.
And I'm sure she couldn't
have found it that way.
Who is she?
>>GOLDBERG: Well, OK.
I've worked with over 35,000
patients over the years
or done 35,000 regressions
and progressions.
I have never had a
historical figure myself.
I've had people who may
have been a lady in waiting
with Louis XIV.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>GOLDBERG: But not Louis.
OK?
>>NOORY: But not Louis.
Or Marie Antoinette.
>>GOLDBERG: [LAUGHS] The odds
are really high against that.
The only way to do that is to
really do a very deep level
regression and try to find
out information that is not
in the history books,
even scholarly books,
because she could
have found that.
Who knows, you know?
>>NOORY: Possible.
>>GOLDBERG: If you can find out
things that then are eventually
documented, that are not in your
classic scholarly books, that's
a different ballgame.
OK?
So I don't know.
I'd have to work
with her or see her.
But I hope she doesn't have
any pet asps in her apartment.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Exactly.
Do you remember that case about
the cab driver in New York--
>>GOLDBERG: Yes.
>>NOORY: --who hit a person
who was in the 1800 garbs?
>>GOLDBERG: Rudolph
Fentz is the man's name.
>>NOORY: Yes.
Tell us that story.
>>GOLDBERG: OK.
1876, Rudolph Fentz
is having dinner
in a restaurant in Kansas City.
And he goes out for
a constitutional,
a walk after dinner.
Disappears.
Nobody sees him again.
>>NOORY: Nobody
know where he is.
>>GOLDBERG: Gone.
He teleports to 1950 New
York City, Times Square.
OK?
Now, he's dressed, and he's got
these mutton chops, you know?
The look of an 1870s--
>>NOORY: Sure.
He's got the hat.
>>GOLDBERG: He's
wearing this zoot suit
with the stripes and
everything, right?
Completely out of place.
He's in New York City.
He doesn't know what a car is.
>>NOORY: Doesn't
know what a car is.
>>GOLDBERG: And it's rush
hour traffic, and people
going back and forth.
And cab driver, he
doesn't know what's going.
The cab driver hits
him and kills him.
Teleportation didn't kill
him, the cab driver did.
Now, the cab driver
wasn't trying to hurt him.
He just didn't know
what he was doing.
>>NOORY: The guy just popped
up in front of the cab.
>>GOLDBERG: He had some
material in his pocket.
And he had a receipt of a
stable where his horse, I guess,
was being kept for the day.
He had the dinner
receipt from 1876
and his name, Rudolph Fentz.
That's how we know who he is.
So they tried to trace him back.
And they found out that there
was a Rudolph Fentz in 1876
in Kansas City who disappeared.
Nobody ever found him again.
That was him in 1950.
So he teleported by 74 years.
Again, teleportation--
what he did
was he entered into a tear
in the fabric of space time.
That's how people teleport.
>>NOORY: Did he fall into it?
Or was he time traveling?
>>GOLDBERG: They're invisible.
There are a lot of cases
in London, England,
and in Argentina are the two
most populated countries where
there are spontaneous
cases of teleportation.
OK?
Where people just walk down the
street, and all of a sudden,
they're gone, and
they enter into a tear
in the fabric of space time.
And then they move
thousands of miles away.
There are many documented cases.
In my book, "Time
Travelers from Our Future,"
I give many examples of
the teleportation cases.
So when the time travelers come
back in time for the first 300
years, the 31st to
the 34th century,
they travel in a
device like a craft.
And they use a wormhole
linear accelerator.
>>NOORY: Is it a time machine?
>>GOLDBERG: Yeah,
it's kind of like.
It's called a wormhole
linear accelerator,
which enlarges a
wormhole to classic size
and allows the
craft to go through.
Every time they do
that, they create
a tear in the fabric of space
time, almost like a star gate,
if you want to use that analogy
if you remember the films.
So they're invisible.
So you're walking along
when all of a sudden, bingo.
You're 5,000 miles away.
>>NOORY: Just like that.
>>GOLDBERG: Or whatever.
And there's a case.
There's a famous case,
the most documented case
of teleportation in Mexico City
where a gentleman teleported
to Mexico City dressed in a
Manila, Philippines outfit,
which is 9,000 miles away.
And when they brought him
to the governor's office
and the police, they
said, who are you?
He says, my name is--
I was trying to
help the governor,
and he was assassinated.
And they said, assassinated?
You're in Mexico City.
Because they had
different uniforms,
Mexico versus the Philippines,
Spain, all those countries.
So they put him in jail.
That was October.
And two months later--
it's around Christmas time.
The ships-- they send the ships
around the world, you know?
So the ship comes
in to Mexico City.
And they say, hey, we
got this guy in jail.
He was interrogated
by the police.
He was exorcised by
the Catholic church.
Remember, this is the 1580s.
So they said, can
you talk to this guy?
And they said, it's Gil Perez.
He's one of the guards
from the governor.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
>>GOLDBERG: Documented.
How do you get from
Manila, Philippines,
to Mexico City 9,000
miles away in the 1500s?
>>NOORY: Time travel.
>>GOLDBERG: You don't
unless you teleport.
>>NOORY: Or time travel.
>>GOLDBERG: Well.
And by the way, he teleported
back in time by 12 hours, too.
So that's another issue.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
Bruce, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief" again.
Every time you're
on, it's fascinating.
>>GOLDBERG: Well,
every time I'm on,
it's a pleasure to work
with you and your audience.
And like I say, when
they communicate with me,
when I do my sessions
with them-- which
I can do by Skype
or FaceTime-- they
don't have to be in Los Angeles.
I love working with them.
They can go to my website.
All the materials are on there.
And there's many articles.
There's free videos.
>>NOORY: Dr. Bruce Goldberg.
D-R, right?
>>GOLDBERG: DrBruceGoldberg.com.
>>NOORY: Super.
Thanks, Bruce.
Good to see you again.
>>GOLDBERG: My pleasure.
Same here.
>>NOORY: How many
lives have we had?
You can find out
through hypnotherapy.
And maybe-- just maybe--
it will help you in
your current life.
I'm George Noory.
And thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]